feat: new documentation (#164)
tier4/CalibrationTools: calibrators/tag_based_pnp_calibrator/README.md

# tag_based_pnp_calibrator

A tutorial for this calibrator can be found [here](../docs/tutorials/tag_based_pnp_calibrator.md).

## Purpose

> The package `tag_based_pnp_calibrator` allows extrinsic calibration between the camera and 3d lidar sensors used in autonomous driving and robotics.

Author: This was addressed in the radar-lidar package but not here.
The use of `the` is not correct here

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/b3558bad2365fb939b476a8fc2b0fba58f098319 and https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/5cd13bb6c6640a8d5e704a93cddd5e500e616153

</p>

## References

[1] Jiunn-Kai (Bruce) Huang, Shoutian Wang, Maani Ghaffari, and Jessy W. Grizzle, "LiDARTag: A Real-Time Fiducial Tag System for Point Clouds," in IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters. Volume: 6, Issue: 3, July 2021.

[2] G. Terzakis and M. Lourakis, "A Consistently Fast and Globally Optimal Solution to the Perspective-n-Point Problem" in ECCV 2020. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol 12346.

## Known issues/limitations

- The tool uses a basic OpenCV camera model for calibration (plumb bomb).

## Pro tips/recommendations

- During calibration, ensure that the lidar scan covers the tag, similar to the first example shown in the image below. However, if the tag resolution is low, as in the second example, and the lidar still detects the tag, it may still be acceptable but should be avoided when possible. The third example demonstrates a scenario where the lidar scan fails to cover the tag, resulting in the inability to detect the lidartag.

<p align="center">
    <img src="../docs/images/tag_based_pnp_calibrator/lidarscan_on_tag.jpg"  alt="lidarscan_on_tag" width="500">
</p>

> - It is highly recommended to place the tag perpendicular to the calibration lidar as shown in the following image:

Author: Sorry, I missed this one before because I was seeing it in text format. The text says perpendicular to the lidar (which is correct), but the image is camera oriented

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/0505594af95ff8a48386cf516807d034faf5dfa8

Author: `The text says perpendicular to the lidar (which is correct)`

Please read the comment correctly. The image was wrong and the text was correct.

Reviewer: I thought the image was accurate. When we do the experiment before, didn't we always say the tag should face the camera? Also, this image is from the Sensor calibration説明会・研修 that you sent me, which means it is also not correct in that slide. 
Thanks

Author: No, it was always to face the lidar. Depending on the angle and on the surface, the beams do not bounce back strongly and the readings can become weird. 
If you are referring to the slides, please read both slide n34 and n35, I just confirmed that it is correctly explained

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/1a30887bbf64ddd0ee9fa33e7ab0eea9e98e1656 and https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/1e3e98ec27d540586f015577fe2d93316f9ff8e9

| `apriltag_measurement_noise_translation`      | `double`              | `0.2`                            | The square of this value in meters is part of the input for the measurement noise covariance matrix (R) in the Kalman filter.                                                                                                                                           |
| `apriltag_process_noise_translation`          | `double`              | `0.02`                           | The square of this value in meters is part of the input for the process noise covariance matrix (Q) in the Kalman filter.                                                                                                                                               |

## Requirements

### lidartag

To perform camera-lidar calibration using this tool, it is necessary to prepare lidartags and lidars with intensity measures. To ensure that no objects obstruct the tag detection and to achieve the most stable detection possible, it is highly recommended to also prepare fixed mounts for these tags, as shown below.

> Note that the ones we used are lidartags of size 0.8 meters. This means the apriltags payload is 0.6 meters. We have also tried with lidartags of sizes 0.6 meters, but to use them the user needs to set several parameters by himself.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that the lidartags we used have a size of 0.8 meters (edge size). This means their apriltag payload is 0.6 meters (black frame's edge size). We have also tried with lidartags with smaller sizes (e.g., 0.6 meters), but to use them the user needs to set several parameters by himself.
```

<p align="center">
    <img src="../docs/images/tag_based_pnp_calibrator/lidartag-mount.jpg"  alt="lidartag-mount" width="500">
</p>

## References

[1] Jiunn-Kai (Bruce) Huang, Shoutian Wang, Maani Ghaffari, and Jessy W. Grizzle, "LiDARTag: A Real-Time Fiducial Tag System for Point Clouds," in IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters. Volume: 6, Issue: 3, July 2021.

[2] G. Terzakis and M. Lourakis, "A Consistently Fast and Globally Optimal Solution to the Perspective-n-Point Problem" in ECCV 2020. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol 12346.

## Known issues/limitations

> - The tool uses a basic OpenCV camera model for calibration (plumb bomb).

Author: ```suggestion
- The tool uses a basic OpenCV camera model for calibration (plumb bomb).
- Only lidars with an intensity channel can be used (lidartag requirement)
- Only traditional lidars with a rotational scan pattern are compatible (other lidars may be compatible but we provide no guarantees)
```

Reviewer: added in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/d9b2da19110b94625ccf2d58675ff2ef33e085c3

Author: Did you read correctly what you commited?

Reviewer: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/2c6ec5a56e700b27e5f856287aacea3894ba2d12

| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `extrinsic_calibration` | `tier4_calibration_msgs::` `srv::ExtrinsicCalibrator` | Generic calibration service. The call is blocked until the calibration process finishes. |

## Parameters

### Core Parameters

| Name                                          | Type                  | Default Value                    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| --------------------------------------------- | --------------------- | -------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `calib_rate`                                  | `double`              | `10.0`                           | The frequency in Hz which the calibration callback is invoked.                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Author: I will not write this as a comment, since it would break the table spacing

`The frequency in Hz at which the calibration callback is invoked.`

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/1e4e6011fb7344e1f26cac753ad50e55783e0fb8

| `base_frame`                                  | `std::string`         | `base_link`                      | The `base_frame` is used for visualization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `min_tag_size`                                | `double`              | `0.6`                            | The size of the apriltag in meters (payload).                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `max_tag_distance`                            | `double`              | `20.0`                           | Maximum allowed distance in meters from the camera to the tags.                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `max_allowed_homography_error`                | `double`              | `0.5`                            | apriltag detection is discarded if the homography error is larger than `max_allowed_homography_error`.                                                                                                                                                                  |

Author: Grammar error
In this case use plurals

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/61b823f4ed185b0b02665d17e4cca866a7bd9971

| `use_rectified_image`                         | `bool`                | `true`                           | Flag to determine whether the input images are treated as rectified or not.                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `calibration_crossvalidation_training_ratio`  | `double`              | `0.7`                            | The ratio of data used for training versus validation during the calibration's cross-validation process.                                                                                                                                                                |
| `calibration_convergence_min_pairs`           | `int`                 | `9`                              | The minimum number of apriltag and lidartag detection pairs required to consider the calibration process as potentially converged.                                                                                                                                      |

> | `calibration_convergence_min_area_percentage` | `double`              | `0.005`                          | Minimum percentage of the area that needs to be covered by detection.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Author: detectionS

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/61b823f4ed185b0b02665d17e4cca866a7bd9971

| `min_pnp_points`                              | `int`                 | `8`                              | Minimum number of points required for the Perspective-n-Point problem used in calibration to solve the pose estimation.                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `min_convergence_time`                        | `double`              | `6.0`                            | Minimum time required for the active hypotheses to be considered as converged.                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Author: units

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/61b823f4ed185b0b02665d17e4cca866a7bd9971

> | `max_no_observation_time`                     | `double`              | `3.0`                            | Hypotheses can timeout when a new observation arrives and the time difference (dt) exceeds the `max_no_observation_time` threshold for the same tag ID, or when the time difference between the latest observation and the earlier observation surpasses the threshold. |

Author: unit

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/e8a5cbac78be59e191f08a3c9f7ba8d15dc37dbd

> | `new_hypothesis_distance`                     | `double`              | `1.5`                            | Distance threshold with respect to converged hypotheses for creating a new hypothesis.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Author: units

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/82ad48e1f8bb36b7637da582a69974a9f1c145aa

| `lidartag_max_convergence_rotation`           | `double`              | `3.0`                            | Threshold in degrees for the rotation component of the Kalman filter's covariance matrix to consider the hypothesis as converged.                                                                                                                                       |
| `lidartag_max_convergence_rotation_dot`       | `double`              | `2.5`                            | Threshold in degrees per second for the angular velocity component of the Kalman filter's covariance matrix to consider the hypothesis as converged.                                                                                                                    |
| `lidartag_new_hypothesis_translation`         | `double`              | `0.1`                            | Translation threshold in meters for generating a new hypothesis in lidartag tracking.                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `lidartag_new_hypothesis_rotation`            | `double`              | `15.0`                           | Rotation threshold in degree for generating a new hypothesis in lidartag tracking.                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Author: degrees

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/0de1d6da79fdfda706df17b8f4b5985ca7d9b82d

> | `lidartag_measurement_noise_translation`      | `double`              | `0.05`                           | The square of this value in meters is part of the input for the measurement noise covariance matrix (R) in the Kalman filter.                                                                                                                                           |

Author: We already talked about not using 
`The square of this value in meter`

At that time you should have applied everywhere it applied, not only to the instances I pointed out. Same goes for the units

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/be88f117fda0069e3d31d0a75dfe7546df9c7baf

Author: meters per second (meters/second)
degrees per second (degrees/second)

Reviewer: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/1d660e71e48d47fd120f42b8a50fa996643f26aa

| `lidartag_process_noise_translation_dot`      | `double`              | `0.001`                          | The square of this value in meter/second is part of the input for the process noise covariance matrix (Q) in the Kalman filter.                                                                                                                                         |
| `lidartag_process_noise_rotation`             | `double`              | `1.0`                            | The square of this value in degrees is part of the input for the process noise covariance matrix (Q) in the Kalman filter.                                                                                                                                              |
| `lidartag_process_noise_rotation_dot`         | `double`              | `0.1`                            | The square of this value in degree/second is part of the input for the process noise covariance matrix (Q) in the Kalman filter.                                                                                                                                        |

> | `apriltag_max_convergence_translation`        | `double`              | `2.0`                            | Maximum Threshold in pixels for corners Kalman filter's covariance matrix to consider the hypothesis as converged.                                                                                                                                                      |

Author: Why `T`hreshold?

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/dcdf2ed43c8f84dc15204dd35f03bdc09740762b
